com/example/mascotasproject/desfragment.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.desfragment
 com.example.mascotasproject.desfragment$1
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/CameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$3
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$4
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$5
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$5$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$CompareSizesByArea
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraConnectionFragment$ConnectionCallback
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/LegacyCameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment$1
com/example/mascotasproject/OpcionesIngreso.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.OpcionesIngreso
com/example/mascotasproject/OpcionesUsuario.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.OpcionesUsuario
com/example/mascotasproject/model.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.model
com/example/mascotasproject/MapsActivity1.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.MapsActivity1
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/env/ImageUtils.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.env.ImageUtils
com/example/mascotasproject/AddData.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$10
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$11
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$11$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$11$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$11$3
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$12
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$3
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$4
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$5
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$6
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$7
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$8
 com.example.mascotasproject.AddData$9
com/example/mascotasproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.BuildConfig
com/example/mascotasproject/GetLocation.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.GetLocation
 com.example.mascotasproject.GetLocation$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.GetLocation$2
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/CameraActivity.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraActivity
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraActivity$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraActivity$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.CameraActivity$3
com/example/mascotasproject/InfoPet.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.InfoPet
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/SimpleListActivity.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.SimpleListActivity
com/example/mascotasproject/loginnumero.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.loginnumero
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/Classifier.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.Classifier
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.Classifier$Recognition
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/ClassifierActivity.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.ClassifierActivity
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.ClassifierActivity$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.ClassifierActivity$InferenceTask
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/ListAdapter.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.ListAdapter
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/TensorFlowImageClassifier.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.TensorFlowImageClassifier
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.AutoFitTextureView
com/example/mascotasproject/MostrarRecycler.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$1$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$1$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$1$2$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$2$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$2$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$2$3
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$3
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$Holder
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$Holder$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.MostrarRecycler$Holder$2
com/example/mascotasproject/modeltemporal.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.modeltemporal
com/example/mascotasproject/IA/LogInActivity.java
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LogInActivity
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LogInActivity$1
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LogInActivity$2
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LogInActivity$3
 com.example.mascotasproject.IA.LogInActivity$4
